Stop
Put that woman down for me
Or I will kill you.
Who dares to save the woman I like today?
Mom wants a hero to save beauty
Do you still want to open this hotel?
Mr. Chen, this is none of our business.
He wanted to save himself
This guy came out of nowhere.
As soon as I came in, I said I was looking for Ouyang Lake
Humph boy
Do you know each other?
Is your idea
She's my sister
Oh, the remnant of the Ouyang family
Blame me blame me
Why didn't they kill them all in the first place?
You kneel down for me
Let you know what despair is actually
Do you know how to write this word?
What a beautiful thing!
What a pity!
Director Chen would be in trouble if his wife knew